README.md, before:

# Home Assistant - Wyze Bulb and Switch Integration

## Installation (HACS) - Highly Recommended

1. Have HACS installed, this will allow you to easily update
2. Add [https://github.com/JoshuaMulliken/ha-wyzeapi](https://github.com/JoshuaMulliken/ha-wyzebulb) as a custom repository as Type: Integration
3. Click install under "Wyze Bulb and Switch Api Integration" in the Integration tab
4. Restart HA

## Installation (Manual)

1. Download this repository as a ZIP (green button, top right) and unzip the archive
2. Copy `/custom_components/wyzeapi` to your `<config_dir>/` directory
   * On Hassio the final location will be `/config/custom_components/wyzeapi`
   * On Hassbian the final location will be `/home/homeassistant/.homeassistant/custom_components/wyzeapi`
3. Restart HA

## Configuration

Add the following to your configuration file. ***Note: This has changed recently. Check your configuration!***

```yaml
wyzeapi:
  username: <email for wyze>
  password: <password for wyze>
```

## Usage

* Restart HA

* Entities will show up as `light.<friendly name>` or  `switch.<friendly name>` for example (`light.livingroom_lamp`).

### *Please report any issues you find*

Commit message:

Add how to report an issue information

README.md, after:

# Home Assistant - Wyze Bulb and Switch Integration

## Installation (HACS) - Highly Recommended

1. Have HACS installed, this will allow you to easily update
2. Add [https://github.com/JoshuaMulliken/ha-wyzeapi](https://github.com/JoshuaMulliken/ha-wyzebulb) as a custom repository as Type: Integration
3. Click install under "Wyze Bulb and Switch Api Integration" in the Integration tab
4. Restart HA

## Installation (Manual)

1. Download this repository as a ZIP (green button, top right) and unzip the archive
2. Copy `/custom_components/wyzeapi` to your `<config_dir>/` directory
   * On Hassio the final location will be `/config/custom_components/wyzeapi`
   * On Hassbian the final location will be `/home/homeassistant/.homeassistant/custom_components/wyzeapi`
3. Restart HA

## Configuration

Add the following to your configuration file. ***Note: This has changed recently. Check your configuration!***

```yaml
wyzeapi:
  username: <email for wyze>
  password: <password for wyze>
```

## Usage

* Restart HA

* Entities will show up as `light.<friendly name>` or  `switch.<friendly name>` for example (`light.livingroom_lamp`).

## Reporting an Issue

1. Setup your logger to print debug messages for this component by adding this to your `configuration.yaml`:
    ```yaml
    logger:
      default: warning
      logs:
        custom_components.wyzeapi: debug
    ```
2. Restart HA
3. Verify you're still having the issue
4. File an issue in this Github Repository
